Check broken links (#4)
christinerose/ocaml.org: data/industrial_users/kong.md

featured: true
---

> Kong makes it easy to distribute, monetize, manage and consume cloud APIs. Mashape is building a world-class marketplace for cloud APIs driven by a passionate community of developers from all over the world as well as enterprise API management and analytics products. We use OCaml in our [APIAnalytics](https://apianalytics.com - [1 Client error: Couldn't resolve host name]) product — as part of a mission-critical, lightweight HTTP proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong makes it easy to distribute, monetize, manage and consume cloud APIs. Mashape is building a world-class marketplace for cloud APIs driven by a passionate community of developers from all over the world as well as enterprise API management and analytics products. We use OCaml in our [APIAnalytics](https://www.apianalytics.dev/) product — as part of a mission-critical, lightweight HTTP proxy.
```
